# Definitions

#### Melon Fund
A Melon Fund is an Ethereum smart contract deployed to the Ethereum blockchain.  It is the core smart contract of the Melon Protocol. The Melon Fund has one and only one owner. A specific Melon Fund can be canonically referenced by its contract address. The Melon Fund provides the essential functionality for minimalistic investment management: fund accounting, fee calculation, share issuance, custody, security and the division of responsibilities.

### Stakeholders

#### Owner
`owner` in the Solidity context refers to the address retaining special privileges regarding the operation of the smart contract.

#### Investment Manager
Investment Manager refers to the individual entitled to exercise discretionary portfolio management authority over the assets within the Melon Fund. As defined by the Melon Protocol, the Investment Manager is necessarily also the creator and `owner` of the Melon Fund.

#### Investor
Investor refers to an individual(s) who have successfully transferred eligible crypto assets, i.e. subscribed, to the Melon Fund through the requestInvestment() mechanism and holding Melon Fund share tokens in their address. Investors' addresses will have a quantity of Melon Fund shares commensurate with their subscription(s).

#### Address
Address refers to any valid Ethereum address as defined by the Ethereum Protocol. Addresses consist of 40 hexadecimal characters prefaced with "0x". External addresses are controlled by a user's private key. Smart contract addresses have no knowable private key and are controlled by the functionality defined by the smart contract which generated the address. External addresses are usually generated by a user's wallet.

#### Exchange
Please refer to the LINK: Exchange section of the documentation.

#### Decentralized Exchange (DEX)
Please refer to the LINK: Exchange section of the documentation.

#### Price Feed Operator
Please refer to the LINK: Price Feed section of the documentation.

#### Technical Council
Technical Council refers to the Melon Protocol governance body which actions governance functions related to critical operational areas of Melon Protocol, such as Price Feed operations, Melon Universe/Asset Registrar maintenance and future protocol development direction. The Technical Council consists of elected MLN token holders.

### Actions

#### Redemption
Redemption refers to an action taken by an Investor invoking the `requestRedemption()` function of the Melon Fund. A successful redemption results in the Investor receiving the NAV of their share quantity at the time of redemption and Investor share tokens will be destroyed. Investors can also elect to redeem their pro-rata share of the individual underlying assets in the Melon Fund directly as a "slice" of the fund, i.e. a redemption-in-kind.

#### Subscription
Subscriptions refers to an action taken by an Investor invoking the `requestInvestment()` function of the Melon Fund. A successful subscription results in the transfer of assets to the Melon Fund's custody and the Investor receiving the commensurate quantity of newly created Melon Fund share tokens based on the subscribing asset's price and Melon Fund NAV at the time of subscription.

#### Emergency Redeem

#### Trade


#### Shutdown

### Terms

#### Slice

#### Shares

#### Price Feed

#### Asset Registrar

#### Governance

#### Risk Engineering

#### Compliance

#### Custody/Custodian

#### Administration/Administrator

#### Audit/Auditor

#### Order

#### Order Book

#### Best Price Execution

#### Management Fee
Management Fee is the fee charged to the Investor by the Investment Manager for the service of discretionary management of the Melon Fund's assets. The Management Fee is specified as a percentage of the Investor Gross Asset Value (GAV) on a per annum basis. The Management Fee is paid in shares of the Melon Fund. Fee shares are created out of inflating the total supply of Melon Fund shares, achieving the same impact as directly paying fees out of the Melon Fund's underlying token assets, but in a more simple and elegant mechanism that further aligns Investment Manager incentives with Investors.

#### <a id="performancefee"></a>Performance Fee
Performance Fee is the fee charged to the Investor by the Investment Manager for achieving positive performance in the management of the Melon Fund's assets. The Performance Fee is specified as a percentage of the positive performance achieved over a given time period, i.e. the crystalization period. The Performance Fee is paid in shares of the Melon Fund. Fee shares are created out of inflating the total supply of Melon Fund shares, achieving the same impact as directly paying fees out of the Melon Fund's underlying token assets, but in a more simple and elegant mechanism that further aligns Investment Manager incentives with Investors.

#### Highwatermark
Highwatermark is the NAV/Share level indicating the highest performance the Melon Fund has achieved since the last fee claim by the Investment Manager. This metric is used to determine the level of performance fees due to the Investment Manager at an given point in time.

#### Crystalization Period
Crystalization period is the interval of time over which a performance fee, if earned, can duly be collected. Here, earned is taken to mean that the current NAV/Share is higher than the ending NAV/Share level of the previous period for which fees were claimed.

#### Hurdle
A hurdle is a percentage figure indicating a positive performance amount below which performance fees will not be charged. Performance exceeding the hurdle rate will be charged as specified under [Performance Fee](#performancefee). Hurdle functionality in Melon Fund performance measurement is not yet implemented.

#### Breach
A breach occurs when a specific measurement exceeds a defined threshold.

#### Stake
Stake is a form of security deposit held by a smart contract and used to incentivize desired behavior. When observed behavior in contrast to specified behavior is detected, the smart contract has the ability to burn all, or a portion of the staked security deposit.

#### Open-Ended Fund
An Open-Ended Fund is a fund structure which places no upper limit on the amount which can be invested. As capital enters the Open-Ended Fund, new shares are created commensurate with the current NAV of the fund and the amount of capital invested. As investment capital leaves the fund through redemptions, the representative shares are destroyed, commensurate with the redemption amount.

#### Token
A Token is a symbolic representation of a unitized measure in cryptographic decentralized ledger system. Token ownership (or control) resides exclusively with a cryptographic address and can only be transferred (or interacted with) by the use of the private key belonging to the holding address. The private key is used to create a cryptographically-signed transaction which is submitted to the blockchain network, which in turn executes the instructions specified therein.

#### ERC20 Standard
The ERC20 Standard is a standardized token interface which specifies certain functionsand events, which when implemented, allow a token to interact with other tokens and infrastructure smart contracts. See [ERC20 Token Standard](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-20.md).

#### Ethereum
The Ethereum blockchain is a blockchain network which implements smart contract allowing the user to specify how state may change. Ethereum is the foundation for many decentralized applications including the Melon Protocol and Melon Funds, as well as all asset tokens traded and held in Melon Funds.

#### Blockchain
A Blockchain is a general purpose technology which can store data in a decentralized and immutable way. The storage and maintenance of the data is incentivized by the internal issuance of a blockchain-native token of value.

#### Transaction


#### NAV
The NAV is the Net Asset Value of the fund.

#### GAV

#### Investment/Subscription Asset

#### Redemption Asset

#### Quote Asset

#### Native Asset

#### Base Asset

#### Reference Asset

#### allocate vs invest
Just a note: should we try to tighten up our language to avoid ambiguity?:  

Allocate: The Investment Manager chooses and trades for specific assets within the fund. Allocation is the only discretionary power with the Investment Manager regarding the Melon Fund's underlying holdings.

Invest: The Investor transfers tokens to the Melon Fund. Technically, the Melon Fund also invests into the underlying holdings; this underscores the fact that the underlying holdings' ownership is completely segregated from the Investment Manager and resided with the Melon Fund smart contract, and ultimately, with the Investor.
